I'm waiting for some to jump oh yeah I
hope you didn't fake I made the mice for
those all right gotta dig deep
keep looking now we're going backwards
got to read the card out loud happy
birthday dad
read it out loud it might look like only
I only got you the field card for your
birthday happy birthday but that's not
true it's also a beer beer coaster band
- hello
wait hold flat fan to blow away your
parts a toothpick after you you eat and
some handy reading material for the
bathroom
voila five gifts in one happy birthday
dad love you look on the back open it up
Oh
what is it
you serious Sunday right yeah what is it
that's Kirk biggest seriously yeah Wow
no way you remember what I always wanted
to go to a NASCAR race yeah don't plug
him I'll see him there cuz he's the one
on Father's Day cake yeah who's going Oh